well welcome welcome to your palms house
[Music]
hi I'm Roxanne de palma and I want to
know who out there is curious about eco
set what what dropsical
rough one two three what the fuck is you
go back drop drop drop the wind in your
hair tree bark
sass exciting in itself so really let
your fingertips run across the tree bark
and feel it you were out of here now you
see the penis out rough drop drop drop
drop drop drop drop drop drop drop now
you did it seen this out drop whop whop
you're a bitch alive
your life by our house why not
because discuss which married your
grandson
[Music]
by Alan barrows why are you here because
this is the rap rap rap is perfect this
is a radio station right now I would be
like we're playing the song again hit
rewind to give you good so well it's so
fervent you marry your grandpa
there you go man my friend summer you
know who did it
now gaping dad ah what a talent that
keeping it was that was a this one you
can tell there's a lot of work that
would gosh this is a hat called what the
fuck is eco sex by gay thing dad really
good job
man my friends summer which is
grammatically incorrect it's never me
and yeah you have a real hair in your
butt about that because I went to
Catholic school and I was taught English
by Irish Catholic nun okay and they were
sticklers for grammar yeah for instance
when you answer the phone and someone
goes is Tom there you don't go this is
him
it's a business he and you never say me
and so and so we're going anywhere
because you sound like Cookie Monster
it's wrong it's grammatically incorrect
you say Tom and I me and his own me and
he I mean me and her and that's becoming
what's normal now is me and so on so
everybody saying that people getting the
wrong man before we start I want to give
a big shout-out to my light they sent us
this your mom's house light here which
is so awesome and they also sent this
one for Ellis for his room and I just
want to give them a shout out it's my
light comm dot either an Australian
company so if you order one of these
lights just get an adapter on Amazon was
like five bucks and now you've got this
we have this rad light and its colors
and everything they sent it to us months
ago I think in November I think because
we just collect Amazon boxes in our
entryway and then this more like hey
what's what's this one
and then we open those from you guys
well and someone had written a light kit
on there so I thought it's for the
studio yeah I thought it was like a
lighting kit but I thought it was like I
must have heard that on accident
yeah alright thank you very much it's
really cool they sent us one for our boy
can change colors there it's very cool
all right there's a lot to get into why
don't we do a proper show just like the
gays and here we go it's about to show
me grab more ecstasy all of the pathways
that are involved in sexual pleasure are
in fact stimulated by birthing a baby
sure and when you can allow yourself to
open in the same way that you open to
orgasm the exact same experience is
possible out of your fucking hole is
Randy don't bring anyone love into this
no man understand well welcome welcome
to your mom's house with Tom Segura
[Music]
fart you know when I notice about gaping
dad's music is that he always does close
on a fart is it still a trademark right
I guess in his Wikipedia I would say one
of those trademarks is ending songs with
a long fart yeah yeah which is not
uncommon actually I believe other
artists have also ended on a fart as
well yeah or yeah maybe other things
Jules
sexy the jewels whereas our own thank
you
yeah go screw and on farts a lot of
people do that I guess as in honor of
your mom's house of the predominant
theme of our show yeah a lot of
producers out there doing their thing
and stuff like that yes
so this clip i saw when i was looking at
birthing clips when I was pregnant with
Ellis yeah and this is such fucking
bullshit I mean as far as I as far as I
know there's nothing ecstasy or ecstatic
about birth is so painful he is so
during birth does that did I look like
that lady when I was giving birth to
Ellis this is a lot so you said that you
saw this I saw this and I thought before
you have a child you're like sure that's
possible and then if you have given
birth through your vag you're like
there's no way that that's even remotely
possible yeah I didn't think I don't
know I never thought this what this
documentaries about was a thing this is
eye-opening to say I think honestly I
think what's happening is these ladies
are convincing themselves that it's you
know you're using your brain your mind
over matter to be like so it's amazing
out now such a push back on what is
notable pain that they're like actually
it's pleasurable yeah look at it the
right way yeah it's like that it's it's
it's like hypno birthing like where you
use your mind to kind of yeah overcome
what you're doing yeah but there's
everyone here we go on that journey with
them
please super painful
you know it is the most intimate and
powerful experience a woman can have it
is a very sensual experience yeah how
giving burn patients that are like
washing over here that looks like fun
that's make you go to spot resolutions
are relaxing to get very sensual and
sexual birth haha not be the night sure
the potential is to actual see I think
it's kind of like man it'd be like if
you have a fever and you're like it
feels good did she tell you I like when
you're like diarrhea feels pleasurable
relating my asshole right so why doesn't
that feel good right and when I wipe it
burns but in a good way it's essential
bird yeah that's what's happening ever
eat something spice in your legs hot
then you just try to talk talk yourself
out of pot it's like I can handle it I
handle it yeah yeah those are just
sensations on my tongue yeah not pain
good taste good
I dig the next right thing right that's
what you do that's how you eat though
you force it I think these women first
of all for me personally there was
nothing sensual about giving birth
whatsoever no not not a lick especially
the part where when contractions begin
you shit your brains out it's like your
body's way of cleaning everything out in
a toilet or no yeah when I went into
labor at home I just started shitting
that's how I was in labor cuz I'm like
oh I'm having like period cramps and
then your body naturally wants to get
rid of everything so that you can push
I'm assuming it's like majors enema you
know yeah so you shit a lot and then and
then you're just we're out of kind of
pain well you should add your Brown Hall
and then at a vag well later you should
have person out yeah
essential experience ever so sensual
crowning essential kind of go inside
myself really try to begin the centering
that I would
having to make it to deliver well that
was pain yes mother can offer all
service pain you to really come out in
the way you need right the pain yeah
seneschal or she said I'm gonna go
through this pain but I didn't say I'm
gonna come super hard and enter world
she said pain right which is optional
you don't have to feel that much it does
hurt even with an epidural but you can
choose to not offer in this era by the
way as a quick aside we'll be joined
shortly by the creator of Ron toxic
shell oh my goodness the most you know
hilarious videos ever on youtubes was
made by a Brent Weinbach and he'll be
here and will be easy review the Creator
I want to talk some shit baby dubs yeah
call me we're gonna get inside of his
mind
yeah it is tricky for video - Oh awesome
yeah me the strange range I was tracked
to coming during birth that's not
possible
it's pleasure see naturally good you're
talking about yeah sure here
I think leave here
but I think that maybe you can trick
yourself yes like that lady who's like
is awesome
yes thank you but just shows you how
powerful the mind is right and it is
that because I had coached her into
being like yes that's what it is that's
what hypno birthing is before I had
Alice I went and I got that done were
they hypnotize you into reimagining pain
and stuff and that doesn't it didn't
work for me
ultimately because you like those hurts
with her it hurts and then you just push
through the pain but yes it is a it is a
reframing of what's happening the doctor
and I don't think I don't see doctor
under your name
that it's possible to come super-hard
yeah even ecstasy all of the pathways
that are involved in mg pleasure are in
fact simulated by birthing a baby and
when you can allow yourself to open in
the same way that you open to orgasm
uh-huh the exact same experience is
possible to possible but not probable
I'm guessing that's another important
foot possible this bitch is never
squeezed a person out of her couch she
don't know what the fuck she is talking
to me so na hell no that's why she
saying stupid shit like this she never
fucking give birth
okay I'm just talking like you're like I
need my privacy wipe off I use a knife
when oh no you know that into the
hospital decades ago we treated it like
it was surgery they put her in a
wheelchair she can walk she's not sick I
like going in the wheelchair after
refers particularly shows like ER people
are coming screaming into the ER as
though having a baby is the biggest
disaster on earth and that has imprinted
generations of people but that goes that
does speak to the part that it's
psychological the pain part to saying
that it's imprinting to you that it is a
terrified well yeah your early
impressions are there's going to be
terrifying when what they should show
you is women walk into the ER like oh I
might feel good yeah you know what I
wish you would have done I mean I see
all these nice guys coaching their wives
and rubbing back I mean you were eating
a burrito at the time I was in labor but
like I really wish we could have done it
while I was in labor like why didn't
that occur to you that you don't do
again have another kid now be so sensual
they think fuck and then the doctors
like keep going Tom I mean you're
crowning what a perfect time to have
intercourse let's have sex baby what are
you gonna do like if I have another baby
while I'm giving birth this next time
around I feel like you should be doing
something to have another burrito that
would annoy the shit out of me by the
way you see all these like loving hippie
husbands that are you know squeezing on
her belly and massaging her I'd like get
the fuck away from me yeah do not
fucking touch me and so much pain we
were asking for that I would be like are
you fucking serious yeah you're like
haven't I done enough yeah little
baby-making stuff I already nodded what
you want from me yeah
there is nothing not to be like it was
when you make love with someone that's
got to be
canon Roger is uninterrupted and that is
how you will have an orgasm a number all
right the man says the fucking Kenny
Rogers old ass man how did he know
anything about I love when men talk
about this shit like they know what is
what it's about well I people always
talk about what animals are thinking
that always wonder like well your dog
he's nervous about this and he's not
sure what will happen next I'm like oh
did he tell you that how did that come
about yeah no I know your dog right now
he's happy about what you did and so you
just need to keep doing that and your
dog will stay I mean you don't believe
animal psychics
I don't believe veterinarians that are
like tell me what the dog is thinking
right I understand if they're like your
dog is sick and they're like the dog is
thinking yeah that you should come home
earlier I'm like uh-huh
I'm not stupid is that what the dog
thinks yeah yeah all right great like
you know about a fucking dog yeah I
agree
unless you've been there done that you
can't say she knows right whatever I got
studied dog
you know the dogs is thinking now it's
like this doesn't know how hard you're
gonna come when you have a baby that's
right and I wouldn't trust a male
gynecologist either fuck that shit
no way dude I told you about the one in
high school telling all the audience so
that they can hear it my friend's dad
had a party and we I was in high school
and we all went over there and there was
you know it was a big party at a big
house he's a gynecologist an ecologist
and like you know a well-respected one
and so I got him alone for a minute I
was like I see some I'm a teenager so
you know obviously I'm hyper sexual at
the time right I go hey man you're kind
of colleges I go how do you separate you
know a vagina being stimulating sexually
to you versus professional how does that
happen
he goes pussies pussy mm-hmm yeah yeah a
pervert all disgusting pervert like I
look and I was like really like yeah
yeah basically he's basically saying I'd
bite my tongue yeah but I'm still
thinking about getting up in there
looking at snatches all day yeah just
like I wouldn't I mean I wouldn't want
to touch balls and dicks all day and I
don't know what's going on you can study
Dixon bulbs wood until you yourself have
a dick balls you don't know what's going
on uh no no no no
female urologist wasn't mine but had one
I thought I thought about that I was
like all you do is look at dicks all day
and I wanted to ask her dick questions
yeah but it was then it was a kind of an
upscale dinner I didn't want to be like
it's like the biggest dick you've seen
that's what I want to ask of course yeah
of course yeah I want to know that -
because I asked my guy knee about nasty
snatches yeah and she's like yeah oh oh
I asked my gynecologist one time about
male gynecologist she goes oh yeah
they're all weirdos food she was I would
never ever see that they're all weirdos
like that was a very we're gonna start
jacking those decks when you're doing do
you think that's the big temptation
probably when she why would this woman
all the fields have met it right I know
you like everything that's out there
yeah internal medicine you can be a
cardiology
you could be a diet regime ecologist all
of them and she's like Dixon boss
Jackson way that's what I'm saying
you've got to be messed up in your head
not that weird for me to be like you
ever started jacking him not among a man
I just probably think yeah like she they
pull down their pants she just starts
licking her lips like yeah I taste these
balls like the pornos when they're like
yeah what is but what if that's her
special method and that's why her
clients are there's just so many
patients because she's like well first I
have to do a taste test on these balls
sir would you submit to a taste test I
don't know that guy always has to act
like a I don't know I don't know if I'm
comfortable with that
I miss you from across the room she goes
thing she spent on whoa
and then if she's like I think my nurse
is going to have to help me I'm in this
fantasy you know I'm being serious I'm
the nurse I'm trying to be serious about
this I mean I'm - I'm being serious
I think here's why I think anybody would
choose that let's keep it real because
fuckin Kenny here no I think that you
choose it because you it is a little
titillating on some level somewhat it
might be a repressed like masked girl
that this female urologist was like you
know I had a strict upbringing yeah like
no boys no dates great I'll you study
and then she got to college and then her
parents were still like you better not
be going out and checking the books you
get to medical school you cannot fuck
around by the time she got there and
they're like yeah what feels she was
like sticks and balls
yeah yeah I'm a jack as many dicks and
balls I want yeah here I'll show you mom
and also she has control an hour more so
than the actual she's the one telling
them interesting about what their danger
balls should be doing interesting and
especially on men that's their most
prized body part is taken balls oh yeah
now she's an official
[Music]
the dick detective right that's what
your ologist are they are dicta think
about and I think it's a power thing
control total definitely think about
that that exist with all doctors because
you essentially appoint you go like you
tell me am I gonna live
yeah I could make you feel better I can
tell you the reality of this situation
I'm there like a version of God yeah no
yeah they're telling you like this is
what's going to happen yeah I will say
during later going to come for me right
now huh
during fertility stuff like when we
conceived Ellis I had a - I had two male
doctors examined me when they give you
ultrasounds yeah and both were terrible
at it
I had an old-ass white guy he he didn't
know where the hole was and he like
shoved the other guy a younger gentleman
he had no fucking clue how to get a
special just on it was like dude if I
remember like that when the females were
seeing if you were dilated yeah it yeah
that one was like jam yeah and one of
them was like gentle yeah that's all in
the personality I mean Jam when I was
like woo I want you take it easy man I
can see it oh I was some guys or a man
like and it's like glass up there when
you're when you're really really
pregnant like you're it's hormonal and
it just feels like someone's putting
glass nurses like high school Tom just
like oh thank you yeah ready super
aggressive have you ever had a female
dick doctor no hmm never had a female
really I'm trying to think
no now proctology that's one where you
go huh why would you choose assholes
well we need an asshole doctor way to
deal with that that's fucking gnarly I
think so I write a female I don't think
I've had a female doctor
oh no I mean general physicians and now
I've had guys um no female nurses yeah
yeah I've never had a male nurse
really I've had male nurses yeah I said
we I've had multiple by the way but it
still stands out on the flight yesterday
they the first officer gun on the PA was
like the pilot said that we are going to
experience some turbulence and she said
to stay in your seats
a little uh so he kept referring to the
pilot a machine what she really does
more common but those fans out here like
oh is it well you can't really make
assumptions because what if biologically
it's a he but she feels like a she but
then he was using the she pronoun so she
might she might be comfortable with it
but absolute you're saying maybe a male
got their license and they're changed
that's what I'm saying he could have
woken up a man a man and then by the
time the flight took off became a she so
this happens happens all the time
happen all the time you had to respect
it so it was a huge development in the
Segura home I I tried to install a toshi
on my own which was a disaster we got
sent one for free and I was like you
think I know that I'm so dumb well cuz
they make it sound like it is there like
anybody you know you like you know
dammit you're not going to be like we
install this shirt yeah so of course I
ended up being ruining the toilet
it kept overflowing and running so I
called a handyman and he installed it
and now we have to we have a Toshi and
the total wash let 350 e and I have to
tell you there are two different
toileting experiences the total wash let
provides a warm spray kind of an
all-over clean like I like it because it
covers the kibbles and the bits that's
right now the tushie is expressly for
your asshole that is like a fire hose
high pressure high pressure to tried it
today just on your butthole so it's
totally different it's totally different
yeah both wonderful experiences so I
recommend either for those of you who
are interested in a bidet I can't
recommend them enough but it took she's
like an affordable thing it is yes miles
no ha no I didn't get the warm one water
Toshi because like I didn't want to deal
with the plumber coming and doing all
that or electrician blah blah blah how
is them getting that guy over here is
that pretty easy too
my god so I find this guy through the
friend and and he goes we're texting
back and forth and he goes what's your
address I give him our address and then
he goes can I have directions and I was
like that's that's odd but okay maybe
this person is older I don't know how
old he is yeah and I give him directions
and then it goes will that come coming
from north or south or and I'm like okay
coming from this way it's and it's
essentially three things turn right turn
right turn right yeah from where from
where he is and he keeps texting me and
uh not understanding what I am I'm at so
finally I was like whatever dude like I
just I stopped talking to him so I'm
with the kid alone and I can't handle
him so the day of he texted me is that a
right on buh-buh-buh Street he's still
confused yeah and then he calls calls me
and I'm like you know in my head I go I
can't do this listen bro if you can't
find my house you don't have the job you
basically make that decision right
you're a moron
well yeah cuz then I go if you can't
even find directions to my house how are
you going to fix my damn toilet how are
you going to fix the goddamn doorknob I
know yes reminds me of that other way
this is when people act like friends ask
to come to a show oh my god Road op it
yeah um hey uh I saw you're gonna you
know you're going to be in Montreal and
I can get tickets to the show sure okay
where do I get the tickets I go there at
will-call
that's about like every other venue ever
ever under the stars
when should I arrive before the show
yeah why don't our date and they're like
okay
parkings they're like I'm sure it is I
don't know I don't live there so I don't
know and they're like is there someone
that I should ask for when I get there
do you know if um if there's parking on
site or I'll have to park somewhere else
and then get there googling um where
should I meet you after the show link do
you know if you know where we're in the
venue my seats will be and I'm like at a
certain point do the same thing I go no
I'm diving it's in God's hands and then
I'll get like ten and then after the
show they're like you know it was
texting earlier like I had my phone off
I didn't even
I left it there well the day of the guys
appointment our appointment I'm with my
son I'm alone
you know toddlers are a handful I also
don't have access to my phone 24/7
because I'm running around the kid so he
calls me leaves me voicemails and I'm
ignoring him at this point I'm like you
know what bro if you can't figure that
you're not fucking GPS on your fuck I
know you have a cell phone so all you
got to do is open up Google Maps or
whatever Maps he has a cell phone so he
shows up angry he finally finds the
house he shows up and he's a little like
I think your phone is off and I was like
oh is it yeah I'll I'm I got with my
toddler sorry I can't really and I go
because I had a you I didn't turn right
on this whatever he's upset cuz he
couldn't find the street and then I go
well don't you have GPS oh I don't
believe in that I don't use that that's
why you're angry right stupid yeah so
you the technology you know why because
he's a hippie he lives in the mountains
yeah and he doesn't use air conditioning
he says yeah yeah and I think he's one
of these people that thinks that they're
watching if he's using GPS right right
and I wanted to fuck and throw my cell
phone and it's and I was so angry I was
111 one day last week that's all oh and
here's the best part so we had a couple
other things he was fixing this guy was
giving me a fucking tutorial as he was
doing it like well you see the toilets
all working cuz the flusher in this
mechanism here and I was like oh well
bro motherfucker listen though I don't
want I don't want to be educated that's
why I'm paying you the $50 you fucking
do this for me and he's talking me
through what's wrong no no no I don't
need to hear any of this I'm taking care
of my kid like you you do it that's why
I called you asshole explaining to me
why the doorknobs are working I don't
care I don't care just fix it please I
don't wanna learn I want to learn no I'm
too old to learn another one yeah I know
I feel the same way
just fix it that's why I'm saying make
it go away that's why you're here yeah
like I don't even got my hair cut he
didn't talk about how right because it
just does it well when you go to a
dentist you don't want them explaining
this is how I'm this is why you're
educated this is your specialty you do
you just like this specialty coming
while you're giving
orgasmic birth oh Jesus it will change
the way you think about childbirth and
yourself forever if you were told that
you can have one of the most physically
emotionally spiritually transcendent
moments it's dark out here and then
together would you really say no yes no
no you wouldn't you're lying you do it I
think I wish you'd get a tattoo you give
the second if I can get it like set up
yes I would I'll have a very open mind
if I have another baby yeah bring that
lady I will pleasure is I'm gonna show
you you know I told my mom yesterday she
goes she was telling me that she farted
really big yeah and I go hey you know
you can make you can make money I said
if you started recording those sell
people pay for the only she got so
disgusted and so upset she goes I would
never lower myself and I go why that's
your money fart you'd like to go to the
casino so here's some like casino money
for you yeah she was like ah
never never but people are making money
you know yeah what a square it's money
left on the table as far as I get to
have money hi guys this wrong again as
you can see firstly in the budget and
guess what I have to fart yeah
[Music]
I like this new genre the farting in
public I'm probably 50 different
locations I think the nice thing about
somebody that's into her videos I can go
to that Walmart I can go to where she
force and if I must do that I mean
that'd be a pretty cool following well
develop we've reserved fart mistress
calm and so far we have not put content
on there maybe your mother's the
farthest maybe we can just put videos of
her kind of be talked into doing it and
just really funny
the real under the reluctant monolith
yeah yeah I'm so Vinny yeah in the
candle I'll know what I wonder what her
preparation is like when she knows he's
going to shoot so interesting that's
really what the interesting thing about
these people that do this is like well
do you know that you're gonna have this
for breakfast and then I'll show your
video I'd assume so
yeah if I were to do these videos I
would eat a lot of dried apricots and
Vietnamese who know to prepare I'd have
a bowl of pho and then dried apricots
but yeah slippers can get some supper
but good one wow I love this girl yeah
she's pretty great now she is monetizing
these videos yeah yeah this is for sale
okay good yeah well I'd hate to think of
people wasting all our precious fart go
to her yeah I hate not monetizing them
you know there's an audience out there
that want them they want the other side
tell my mother can we please do a phone
call where you're explaining this to her
about the fire yeah yeah try calling her
what I call right now say if she can
understand this okay I'll see if I can
guess I'm dying to have to hear her talk
about this I mean good luck getting a
fucking answer though I mean it really
is like well let's text her it's like
calling somebody a fucking hundred years
ago or something you know like they're
like
what what day will you be calling she
might as well say to me because it's so
annoying both of them are like this now
I'm like I called you a taxi oh yeah
I left the charging I'm like dude how
often do you leave it charging why do
you leave a charging so long I'm texting
our Tom's calling you answer your phone
oh all right let me see if I can care
about this I just want to make a phone
call all right let's see how have her
number even memorized I'm texting her
right now so Gary can you see she'll do
it actually emails are just pouring in
about the Moose soup lady - she's really
struck a chord with our audience and she
struck a chord with my heart I've been
thinking about her all weekend play
loose ooh yeah I kind of love her the
mozu bleeder
and her OMG gosh I know I just love her
she's hectic OMG come on over to my gym
later
OMG
calm down man your promise inherited to
a magnetic voice man narrator try the
house no no they're not home oh that's
right there visiting something I was
meant to be hello I got mom God for me
hey the third thing at the core 213
okay I'm Andy I mean yeah no no I'm in
the I'm in my office I have a different
phone there oh hey I wanted to ask you
real quick I did some research I found
out it's like it's pretty serious money
you can make if you do some fart videos
oh my god I'm sitting here and we have
to answer but I mean would you consider
putting up a couple just to test the
market are we talking they probably pick
out no but I'm saying like I think you
can generate extra gambling money for
you for the casinos I think I think
you're looking like my entire throat
maybe a couple thousand a month
and my a month yeah and all you got to
do is like if you feel one coming
you just make you just hit my god
disgust you just hit record on your on
your iPhone and then send it to me and
I'll have the odd direct deposit set up
for you oh my god disgusting
people will pay $5 $5 per fart video I
understand for people boarding equally
and I pray to God I don't get that long
okay but what is up is there a number
that will make you feel comfortable to
start okay you can do without this
Express I mean I just think that this is
a great business opportunity that's all
it's money on the table city talk 3,000
a month yeah okay I mean I'm going to do
some research if I can get people to
sign up will you start posting videos oh
my god so will I fight for socialism and
at the closet she said have you oh my
god dangling together
well will you will you consider it yes
what kind of housing yes okay I'm going
to do some research and see if I can get
that type of commitment and just so you
know it might be more so I'm just
starting low but it might go more than
that oh gosh I can't believe I'm getting
excited about learning okay
and then also if you could do want to
know what can she do for this husband go
on I know already that some people were
asking if if you could when you do these
video if you do like if you feel one and
you record it fart and then go like oh
my gosh I didn't mean to do that
like actus maybe they practice like that
she practice right now when you try one
for us but oh my god some ambush you
have to go like you have to go oh I
didn't mean to sound like God how do I
do it
what do you mean you just like I don't
have to put it at court yeah and then
you send me the video like you
you pull your iphone up you pull your
iPhone app are you hearing me okay
yeah I put the iPhone look at you open
video and you put you put Rick you press
record and you record yourself and then
you you just show the whole thing and
then when you're done go like oh my gosh
I didn't mean to do that like it's an
accident
I get that on are they going to know who
did it well yeah I mean I mean I think
that's part of the appeals they're like
oh this is Tom's mom she's parting good
money
hey network pipe up I mean Charo a lot
of gambling my Charles yeah this could
supplement your retirement and again
wants to know what country before this
house yeah okay what can gain before
this house into this tree we're having
like um I mean maybe pee in a cup I'll
look into it
got her talk to him for a second please
you have to help addition to the total
hey Tommy
hey what's up man nothing and what are
you doing whatever are you calling for a
mom dude wasn't going to answer it's my
office line it's in the office okay
yeah just people were like asking a
bunch of questions about because they
heard about moms farts and they're like
well we want to see them and then they
showed me the site where we can upload
her farting and people are willing to
pay for it you know
that is crazy yeah yeah do you buy
anyone any chance do you want to do
fart videos too for money I would do
fart videos all day but I mean it might
it might sour your reputation around
town I so I think I would feel I have to
tell you because you have to be on
camera oh wait she has to fart with her
face being shown yeah yeah
now II think I know why see as well I
just told on she's only had like a
couple tips of her wine I by the end
about the line I'm Church will be down
okay okay yeah you look you look so good
I'm so proud of you I really am well
thank you very much thank you
alright I'll let you guys have lunch and
then give me a call later okay
okay okay all right bye-bye alright wow
that's pretty amazing that was perfect
timing your mom was on board until we
had to show her face yeah and she had um
I was like a couple thousand now and she
was like I don't know it's gross I'm
like way to take three I just moved it
up one thousand dollars and was like
I'll far for a thousand dollars I mean I
do feel like three thousand dollars is
reasonable for fart videos that's a
really good good rate what is it that's
36 grand a year that's more than some
teachers make absolutely I mean yeah
you're never going to have a legitimate
job again but do you want one and she
was 70 something years old no that's not
that she's gonna yeah that's that's
retirement a granny fart mistress that's
pretty good idea look she's in
retirement she doesn't want to work I
mean that'll supplement your income yeah
your retirement
whatever checks that they get from the
government sure and I think it'd be you
know I'd like to be known as the
comedian whose mom yeah Bart videos I'm
adding that would help my brand yeah
that's the biggest incentive for me to
as people I think I could have her start
opening for me on the road interesting
you guys want to see the granny farts
lady alright she comes out put some like
to her but goes far away anyone yeah
yeah I mean it seems like a really good
idea yeah and the best part is you could
spend time together on the road yeah you
can just travel with your mom you can
stay in the same hotel room as your mom
you guys really get close you know yeah
that would be really cool and then
marrying your mom and we have to really
start but again of what interests me is
we really have to start paying attention
to what she eats to get the the right
right you know right dirty bitch
well thankfully she's already on a diet
that's high
gas-producing that's right she already
is yeah which is right now matter for
myself I can't I can't get enough I know
she's I can't get enough of her if I
know who she was
yeah but you know what it does a
disservice to the fun of not knowing who
she is right and we don't want to
violate anybody's privacy yeah we enjoy
her but we don't want her to get
bombarded by people the voice more and
the imagination more than this is who it
is you know yeah could I get some more
fun that way
personally but we do know what she looks
like it we do her saying yeah so can we
at least describe her to the audience
well I'll just say we were both wrong
yeah you say that you know I don't wanna
well not now there's a face to it
I changed the gun I said a brunette like
a mullet a brunette she was a brunette
before she went gray so we can say that
she's great yeah but she had bit big
honkers big flops yeah she's an older
lady and she's real I changed just
stocky like stick you and I like thicker
legs yeah rounder otter over ya know no
fatty or anything like that yeah by the
way I want to mention this I mentioned
at the top when we did all our stuff but
I know is people that skip all that so I
have to mention it once during the show
and that is if if you're in mom
Australia you skip the top I am having
to move my dates due to a scheduling
conflict I I tried to move it twice to
sooner and it due to venue availability
it's moved till April you said
do-do-do-do-do-do availabilities move to
April and I know that's a ways away
that's just the way it worked out I'm
sorry that it's put out that long but
that's just the way it is so the tickets
are still good for your for the new
shows you've probably been contacted if
you don't want to go you can get a
refund but that's that's just the way it
is so I apologize but that's what is
going to happen with that okay so I
would tell them I wanted to bring up a
topic now you started to talk about
yesterday when you got home from your
long journey yeah which I have to say
was awesome in the dirty dirty yeah so
thank you to everybody that was in those
cities Richmond Virginia Beach
Greensboro Asheville and Charleston
which is where my sister is which is who
I was just speaking to so I got to hang
out with her a little bit and the shows
were bananas remember I was announcing
on this show that Charleston I was like
we need to get some tickets in the last
week leading up to the show the ticket
sales doubled Wow for that fantastic
that's mommy power right there
it's pretty crazy that's the power of
the jeans yeah Jean powers so you came
home and I you started to talk about how
you actually preferred playing ships and
I go and I go stop you right there
I'm going to write that down come up
from some moves soup and we'll talk
about this on the show that's true cuz
you I was starting to tell you and
you're like - stop save it save it well
I was holding was this there's no better
place to shit than in your own house
that's number one yeah yeah and then if
you're out if you're traveling your
hotel room you have your privacy you
have your own amenities not in the game
now I know but you mean like you can
jump in the shower you can do what you
want it's still like a moats your travel
home right so you're still once you
leave there the only thing I like about
the plane as opposed to let's say the
airport stall is it sucks it sucks
shitting on a plane yeah sex I get like
I get performance anxiety on that's the
best way that's her worst part but
here's the good part you're shitting
there right where your left elbow or
right elbow is depending on the layout
of that plane is the sink it's right
there and then usually in my experience
have like piping hot water so what I'll
do is I'll shit and then that's what
islet papers is on planes is really low
quality I hate that so I'll take paper
towels because they're thicker and I'll
soak them in typing hot water and then
I'll start to wash my asshole with that
and I get I get the sensation eventually
of being so clean because I'm I'm using
a thicker paper that doesn't tear like
their toilet they're cheap
paper does and I have hot water cleaning
out that area so I actually prefer that
to an airport stall means I don't feel
as clean we're saying is you like the
proximity of the sink to the toilet and
that is something that enhances the
whole misery of the toilet ship because
if you're in the stall better if you're
like I want to I want that you'd have to
leave your stall ah wet something under
the sink go back to the stall like you
know I've done that by the way I've done
it but it's a much more tedious and
you've done that in public yeah I have I
swear it's we're at an airport yeah
you're not afraid and what do you do
with your pants you wear them around
your ankles i well know what I did was
like I cleaned up well but I was like I
want another level of class so I went
out wet toilet paper in front of people
took it back into the stomach but did
you pull your pants up over your dirty
ass holes yeah yeah but I also left the
buckle and stuff open
I left the pay everybody means everyone
knows I was cleaning my ass yeah
but guys don't care guys are no legit
guys don't care yeah Wow yeah that's so
nasty was last time you did that this
week uh where one of these there for
hours and five airports I don't know how
long I was in two airports right three I
don't fucking remember I was in one of
them though maybe your hair I did it in
that's a good one like a huge airport
that's a that's a fucking can I read an
email to you before we roll along here
sure um I think it's kind of fitting
apropos our current discussion hold on
oh geez okay here we go
as okay time Ami's as the water champ of
Bristol England while staying
exceptionally hydrated I have switched
to a water meter from a fixed fee water
billing system as an incentive to save
water less the reservoirs run dry due to
my advanced water intake as I am now
paying per flush I have to put a cap of
two flushes per brown this means there
are there is sometimes a little fun
buoyant Brown nugget remaining in the
book with me which my gene is obliged to
brown on top
or using any of her assigned flushes
fucking crazy
she thinks that our Browns touching is
weird
no she touches my Weiner yeah I like to
sell her this idea by pointing out that
the little brown is probably lonely in
needs of people and I get to support it
into the murky world of the British
sewage system please could you confirm
or deny if you have a similar nuggie
buddy policy or if you enforce a water
wasteful flush till gone system waste
wasted up waste all that water now I
found I'm afraid I'm going to have to
call you out here a little bit but yeah
I would say half the time I go to use
the toilet there's one in your little
brown nuggies float no there's not yeah
what there's a lot of your brown eggs or
you what you do is you leave a final
wiper a paper yeah and you leave it just
at the bottom at my trademark but not
yes I believe a lot how many tiny
nuggets I don't know how all right I
flush and then I can say this they'll
see that you waste the water though I
call highways I can say that I don't
ever intend for nuggets to be there the
last sheet of paper is a trademark
something I've been doing for music you
have been I want people to know that
like I was there but I don't I don't do
it with Nuggets anyone shit on my nugget
you were flesh before
oh fuck yeah I don't know that's a very
automatic that's automatic to me me too
I think it's disgusting and I don't
understand this 12 flushing system you
guys have that time terrible organ spa
and here in Matthews here in America we
just waste use nasty bro
and I also got an email from a couple
who they are their Browns seem to come
on at the same time in the morning and
I'm assuming have one toilet now you and
I had one toilet for a million years and
what did we do when we both had to brown
at the same time yeah I think what I
think what happens is we realize that
when you say I got to go shit you can
hold it for another hour before you a
sometimes I can hold it for a while yeah
when I say I got a shit it means I had
to go now so weird you're like I got to
go in the next 30 seconds yeah
that's what it is I do have an emergency
system in there I mean it's just like it
should be like oh I got a signal I
should do this later it's like a flare
ya know I got an interesting email yeah
this is really for me but you can
comment on this too since actually the
two of us can no can can comment so this
is a chubby chaser seeking advice
she writes hello Tommy and Tina I'm
writing because I have a problem I think
he may be able to help me with about a
year ago I met a guy at a friend's
wedding we got along great dancing
joking together most of the night at the
end of the night he asked for my number
and didn't hesitate to give it to him we
joke around flirt a lot through tax and
snapchat often saying we wanted to hang
out but nothing has come to fruition
usually I would tell this fuck boy to
kiss my pussy and not worry about it is
he obviously wears his pants low and
loose but I have a theory I may be able
to you may be able to offer some insight
on this guy is chubby I make Fitness all
of the fitness I take very good care of
myself I'm in very good shape could this
have anything to do with his hesitation
to pull the trigger and see me again
I usually date other fit people so I did
not have a frame of reference for this
adorable Doughboy maybe insecurity keeps
him from wanting to take his clothes off
in front of me maybe he will feel you
feel judged maybe it's just like the
case seeing as how Tommy used to be fat
and mommy taught Tina was obviously into
it I was wondering if you two could give
me some words of wisdom maybe this is a
better question for burnt Chrysler
seeing as he is still fat thanks Hitler
Britney I think it's an excellent
question
and it brings a lot of discussion points
to light number one I took to the
possibilities number one there is one
possibility that this guy is not
interested that's a possibility yeah but
he did ask for her number so that's why
I would probably take that I mean take
that kind of off the table or he has a
girlfriend or somebody he's seeing right
now maybe those are wrong but maybe she
she would if they're communicating he
would probably chief I know if he is
girlfriend you know with its pot but so
I'm saying that's option one he's not
into her option two could be that you're
totally correct and there he is just
super insecure in which case I think
just like no matter what somebody's
insecurities are they need reassurance
they need reassurance that you're not
that like that you're attracted to them
you know so and also I would say that
guys regardless of their bodies and
physiques most the time need to be hit
on the head with information especially
when it comes to a lot of guys don't
assume that you're attracted I mean
there's the chaser there's a guy that's
always but a lot of guys are the type
that go I didn't know you're into me you
know like I feel like maybe women I'm
making assumptions here more the
opposite of that but I feel like a lot
of guys are the types that are like I'm
not going to assume that it's a
reciprocating yeah it's funny I think
it's the exact opposite I think a lot of
men assume that you're into them when
you just say hello
they're like she I mean I like I know
just being nice yeah I could see that I
guess it goes for both sexes in because
I'm very nice that's why you're a decent
man and that's why you don't assume that
everyone wants to fuck you because
you're actually sweet human being which
is why I married you and I usually did
not assume that of course because you're
a nice guy I like nice guys I married
the best one that's why I had to be told
yes directly by people you know yeah but
that's why you're special and that's why
I think you're the absolute best human
being and that's why we're married and
we've been together for 12 years because
I adore you for that that's very sweet
you're not a douche bag no I wouldn't
blame his weight it sounds like she's
weight focused here well she's bringing
about an interesting point because what
she's saying is that she's super fit
he's not they do communicate they do
flirt they do tag okay okay he's not
pulling the trigger she's into him how
does she like uh my point would be that
if I'm trying to put myself in the guys
position maybe if she is correct in her
assumption that he's insecure about it
what what helps is reassurance right
right right so
you have to be in if that's the case
more blatant yet to be blame that you're
okay with him not being into fitness
well yet nine to fitness and like
without saying like even though you're
this it's like I'm attracted to you
right I like this yeah the thing is he's
probably freaking like I don't want to
run ten miles a day to hang out with
this chick I don't want to go to the gym
though not something I don't wear a
lifestyle different right right this
isn't they were that fit yeah she said
like she makes fitness and her in other
all the fitness yeah so she makes all
the fitness he makes none of the fitness
yeah now the reason you and I worked I
think is because I had the soul of a fat
person always yeah I never wanted to go
exercising with you so we weren't so
divergent on lifestyle
yes lifestyle was a thing but you can
also it's also good I think in
relationship to have some different
interests things as I do things that you
do that are not you like go doing I read
books not words and but so she could be
the type it's like I'm gonna go fucking
rock climbing and he's like that's got
sounds terrible like some I don't know
like it could just be but he needs
reassurance
yeah you should reassure you reassurance
an obvious like and I mean I know that
like you're like well pull the trigger
but maybe you got to be like hey this
Saturday you know whatever's going on or
I know this baller or I want to see this
move I just make it off yeah yeah and
then and then when you're with him you
know may make your interests obvious
yeah you know whatever it's like you
don't have to be like pull that dick out
but you start you know get handsy put
the hands on the back thigh hands you
know by my hands I hands that's really
forward yeah but you do it like for a
second you don't leave it there right
you just give them a signal the signal
is like hey I like you are you sorry
okay a dick graze like oh my god
reaching for the napkin oops
tonight every guy knows it's I hands are
like I have yeah is that right yeah
because it's not it's not not slutty
it's like it's a signal it's just like I
like you it's I like you this is a part
of your body that's not like too
personal to touch right but it's enough
to send you the signal that this hand
can go higher my leg did I let you know
that I liked you how did you know that I
liked you eventually um like you know I
had a little heads-up from your friend
me a girlfriend oh that's what it was
yes he was like you know there's an open
door here it's what he told like you can
you can make a phone call and see what's
up with this bitch you know and I was
like hey that's what he said and I was
like what bitch is that again like
what's how we talk and I was like hit me
up with those digits real quick your
sweet words so it's I reminded you one
time we were like in the dating courting
early phases of our you know thing where
we were friends first
so we transitioned from friendship to
dating yeah and I remember being like oh
we going to so-and-so's party this
weekend yeah no yeah you're going
tonight and you go and then you didn't
go and I was hoping to see you there and
then I talked to you later and you're
all oh I fell asleep on the couch I was
like this remember some we don't have a
house phone in here and bees and he
doesn't have a self definitely doesn't
go get one let's um press pause hot and
wait til the weasel gets here okay you
know I mean you easy the weasels are
different but I know you don't I mean
though we're back in a moment okay mommy
and we stepped away obviously for a
moment there but we are back we're
joined by our guest that we teased
earlier in the show on toxic shit he's
here with us right now
the creator of the you wanna talk some
shit yeah 800 Party gangster party lines
oh my god be Weezy Brent Weinbach is
here
nice intro and a nice little tight
little sound bite - yeah a tight bite hi
by tonight but a lot of those are tight
fights here I will say that the gangster
party line is my hands down like my
favorite sketch ever done ever it's so
funny and and and you actually had that
phone number up for although it's still
up people still call it all the time we
could take calls we should actually
maybe try to take calls if it's an easy
setup all I needed to login into a gmail
account and we can take calls that's in
the fan all talk all the time still you
know all the time during the day
and what do they say what's the
sometimes just hang up sometimes they
just say something short you know but
sometimes they go on rants and I mean we
posted a lot of the messages that people
would leave you know on this website
gangster party-line calm and there's all
kinds of fun
you even did your online sketch was such
a success that even just like a
follow-up oh yeah why all that yeah we
just we took some calls you know how did
you um produce it like how did you oh
just you know Ellie you know puts put a
notice up on la casting and Craigslist
and that's pretty much it my friend had
a house that we could use where did you
hold your casting sessions as you find
an office yeah my we use my friend's
family's business like some on the
weekend okay we use the office in there
and have people come in on the weekend
bed yeah the dude that played like the
the face of you know yeah the main the
main gangster yeah yeah he had like a
very even white dazeem is he like a very
la accent for delivery of the lines oh
you thought so I thought so interesting
yeah like what was a very California way
there's like there's a California
diction for that like I think especially
if you listen to a lot of hip-hop some
guys can say certain words and you're
like oh it's a West Coast guy you know
that's interesting I mean is there
anything specific you can uh I mean we
play the sketch for people that don't
know get your crayon yeah we can write
theirs
like course licensing why don't we play
it for the very few I mean look we're
such a huge fan of the sketch that we
play Tiger got it weird your fans I got
I got some news for you and a little bit
Oh oh really
well yeah there's gonna be more more
gangster party line well more hot line
videos and one more gangsta party
language Oh Mike really you've been
making them yeah earlier this year made
as it was a huge project but there was
um made five hot line new hot line
videos one of them being a sequel to
gage probably line but then the other
four are different themes different
themed party lines basically Wow intro
gangster pie line just so that when we
go for it well I can what do you like it
to be played off of youtube
sure YouTube it's and his note of the
source I mean these days do i type in
Brent Weinbach sure you go to my youtube
channel my wine box okay let me do that
right now and you know there's other
cool videos there - people aren't ya you
have no you have a bunch of good ones so
Brent Weinbach professional magician
yeah that's right now teller yeah again
our home we go I said by the way well
I'll get employment I you you didn't
watch that video like I sent you a
little while back you told me not to
good good good now we gonna play it
today we should do you have it well you
can access it online yes okay okay
all right here we go so nigga you wanna
talk some shit went to LA isms to
actually call me start some shit bitch
sup bull you talk shit about me only
with that song Wesco that is is waiting
for your motherfucking call and that's
you right during the voice-over no
really how fight you talking shit about
really the tub like me well sell that
shit call these motherfuckers face that
and that to me even like just the way he
said that to me seems like a West Coast
interesting okay yeah yeah yeah says
some shit what my fuck you on your
phones what about him hmm where do you
take use for him because I know you know
where he's from
yeah and I also yeah I do know where
he's from and I can really hear it too
okay
firstly guns yeah some shit what may
fuck you on your phone Spurs the hardest
niggaz is standing by ready to pick up
that phone buff niggas dork niggas Asian
member keironb ours white niggas suck my
dick bitch fuck you 1 2 1 3 3 7th or
that that phone the numbers are super
West Coast oh you think so I know I'm
just saying the intentions are not that
the way that three is hit that's super
West can you play that a and the three
yeah that's interesting by the way that
very the guy who is the bone spurs guy
yeah that guy is East Coast and you can
hear okay yeah I think one to one sorry
yeah fuck you 1 2 1 3 3 7 3 4 2 5 3 3
that's the sound is deafening this is
amazed at the Vlasic niggas classic
racist niggas mystery niggas psycho
nigga dog niggas Jewish niggas is no
motherfucking earth calling me I'll
survive this little bullshit ask me that
combat shit down and come around here
show me some fucking respect before me
and my Jewish niggas come up here and
beat yo ass and again that guy mostly
mostly was improvising I told him hit
Shabbat I said you got some nerve
calling me I should by told him you know
say that I said there's a couple other
things I told my hit but a lot of this
he's just kind of he was really good and
I think I said this in the follow-up
video but he was really good at
improvising or doing it loose but
whenever he tried to do things on by the
lines he wasn't able to I mean it as
much the great thing about him appearing
here in as far as like in the heart and
there yeah yeah is that this absolutely
like just when you feel like you've hit
out the joke yeah as a joke yeah this
dude completely shuts it down yeah and
it also helps like if you were listening
right now to see him and to see the way
he says this like the way that he looks
over
around he's almost like party he was
like he's trying to remember what yeah
how are you he's like I'm you know he
doesn't really stop he goes yeah it's um
it's it definitely he was awesome he did
a great job it's believable and he'll be
oh yeah running into the side oh yeah
yeah yeah oh man I can't wait for you
guys to see the next bazookas all top
top top that was him cheap calm now
$4.99 per minute no that was me right
there now it is $4.99 per minute the
gangster part memory tree it's free
there's houses you know he could okay
now I listen to it I maybe was like my
memory of all the different voices yeah
so maybe it's not him so maybe it's a
narrator the narrator identify was West
Coast shit yeah okay am i right uh yeah
I guess I don't know I don't know yeah I
don't know where I think he is yeah you
don't know I think you did I think he's
West Coast yeah okay hmm
I'll tell you more later okay okay play
more later all right okay this guy
Leland I don't I don't know where he's
from originally he wasn't he lives in
California yeah no good there could be I
met his son recently he's in the he's in
the upcoming he's in the new one as well
Leland is Leland yeah okay yeah there's
some other fun surprises too I all right
I know I'm just like watching the the
fuckin October's on HBO and they're as
hardcore right now well I'll tell you
more about okay so there's there's
there's a new gang party line I will say
when you see it it's going to seem like
an overkill of gangster the idea was
just was going to be more gangs an
excessive amount of gangsters this time
more of a righteous more gangsters and
it's like a lot are all these going to
roll out on your YouTube channel
no it's for Kevin Hart's new digital
network laugh out loud Network and I
think it's supposed to come out in
August yeah but we know they will
streamline in other words it'll be like
one yeah I don't sure how they're going
to release them exactly but I'll
probably promote them and I'm hoping
that at one point I'll be able to share
the directors cuts because I those are
the ones I you know
the ones I would have wanted to go out
but of course um but the ones that they
have or they're still good but you know
there's things that we see it when they
want us to take out or whatever and you
know like they're the one that's coming
out on the laugh-out-loud Network is two
minutes long for the gangster prior line
the one the directors gets three minutes
you're getting a whole you know there's
a third missing from the but is that a
bummer
I hate editing stuff down yeah but
anyway there's that so there's a
gangster part like I went out Leland
will be back and maybe some others - you
bet you've been busy then then oh yeah
yeah those these hotline videos took up
a lot of time this year it was like and
congrats on gun doing it with looks like
a production team behind you yeah yeah
yeah I know it was uh you go pitch this
idea to them well they just really liked
the original and they they were they
kind of pitched it to me in a way well I
had ideas that were related to gangster
party line and like getting celebrities
answer the line or maybe animating some
of the voicemails and stuff or whatever
and they're they just said what about
some other hotlines two other things I
want to you made this the dance was that
that short film though I don't dance I
don't dance can people see that I
watched it yeah on Vimeo and I mean yeah
thanks for medicine you just Google that
yeah just go to my demo pages Vimeo calm
slash Brent Weinbach go watch I don't
dance
and don't thanks don't get impatient
don't it is twenty minutes you have to
sit down or film yeah the short film you
have to sit down and buy take time to
watch it on the I know Christina seen it
and I've seen it it's really great and
you know I've seen him oh yeah well no I
spent a lot of time on it and we you
know I I hope I would like people to and
as much I don't know if this is like a
series another thing you did was like
when you're like the magician doing
tricks on oh yeah I might come mine Jack
mind Jack that's great that's all thanks
thanks yeah that a new thing though that
you're teasing how long is it oh it's
like two minutes two minutes yeah okay
you guys should definitely watch it
while we can we watch it right now if
you want to get into an hour or do you
yeah I was going to tell you some more
about those other hot line videos
whatever you want
you wanna know whatever you know well I
think it's exciting to play when we have
a debut let's get a video yeah okay okay
now here's the thing I almost don't want
you to even see the title of the video
and I wonder if I should pull it up and
just fullscreen it so you don't know
what the title is even or do you want to
know the title I just I think for
simplicity just yeah I've no cried yeah
yeah it's probably here for me here okay
so it's go to the vineyard because
there's a bunch of reuploads of it like
it was with them okay I'm you know I'm
get about yeah Brent Brent Weinbach
yeah it's called man gives birth okay
that's really apropos our opening click
open now today was early yeah yeah yeah
yeah so okay I see it about orgasms
during birth yeah this one's this one's
like definitely kind of a little more
hardcore so okay watch it hardcore is
what we're all about I've given birth so
I don't I'm not scream dodo you'll
you'll like it actually from that
perspective that Bryan Singer Bryan
Singer yeah and uh no this would be good
for you guys to get your reaction
company bunch of doctors are around them
looks like they're preparing he's
nervous
that's he narrate a little yeah yeah
please please
he looks like he's a getting comfortable
or uncomfortable with being he's got his
hog you can see his big peener
something was just inserted inside of
him they're putting Vaseline on his dick
right now that's a close-up of his penis
question and my penis is pushing really
hard like he's delivering birth whoa oh
my god and there's something about to
come out the head of his penis right now
oh my
and the penis is growing
oh really struggling push out whatever's
in there oh my goodness this is quite a
vision good headway I love it
like oh I love seeing you guys record
their lubing his people yeah
no no oh they're cutting is peanut to
get the baby out
Oh kind of dick open whoops oh my god I
just write a penis yeah dick is just
completely gone damn this is um god Bryn
world's first ever man birth successful
wow thanks for that Brent yeah thank you
for funny the historic brick what yeah
there's there's a context for that why
that says that but it was meant to be on
the it was originally on the dark web
and it was meant to seem like a red room
video all right
and well it looks real that looked very
real yeah thank you bye there was a
budget behind that I was gonna say it
was for TV shows it was for the internet
but for TV show who helps me with the
you know the last fact was I guess the
scrolling this is woman named Chloe I
mean she did phenomena senses I think
her last in close end yeah she it was
her at first I thought you bought a
dildo from and I was right they just
have a fake dick there starts moving and
growing yeah no she did a great job and
everybody and lore was that Ryan he's
real dick hey what'd they do she did a
great job with Ron's piece yeah that
baby
loaded it took some exercise ah he just
had a stretches you know he had a he had
a week of preparation of just yeah
stretching his penis in it yeah
uh yeah Saturdays let me ask you
questions oh no yeah please ask them
will you ever date your mom would you
ever date no not me
you no no I mean you know III know I
think I know how you're asking that but
I wouldn't though you wouldn't date your
mom
you think you know how I'm asking it let
me give you some more context I'm your
mom and you're my son and I fall in love
with him are you really okay yes I am
you think you know what I was going to
let you know too I am too both
consenting adults
hello if it comes down to it you know
it's just like the gays there you know
as long as they're over 18 everything's
fine right I mean I I don't I know I
don't disapprove of that right I'm okay
with that but I mean I wouldn't do it
there's a little bit by the way the
context was would you date someone who
wasn't related that they were your mom
but you're not related I thought that
was the question now biologically Rylan
I thought you were asking if they were
no man I mean like if they were exactly
what you're they were exactly like your
mom but yeah weren't actually related to
them no no and I thought that's what you
were asking what time would it were a
real mom I just I wouldn't I wouldn't
date her here like that because um I you
know she's just I don't know there's no
no no no no again if I wasn't related to
him I wouldn't date my dad either but if
you weren't related but this I approve
of because because I would date my
biological mom no I'm just kidding I
would date i I mean I just a Mia what
ever they could do with that yeah but
I'm there I don't they're not you know I
do what they want of course like the
gays in it is that's not important again
that is important to point out that the
gays do what they want so can everyone
else yeah love 18 yeah yeah it's an
important why why do they have to go to
jail for 18 months and I can add the DA
bling they ended up getting arrested and
everything why that's not right I guess
they're over 18 that I mean that I want
to get married yeah they want to get
married they said he could technically
fuck his mommy what do you guys how do
you guys feel I feel like it's gross but
he wants advice mom I don't care yeah
but
if you start wanting to like have a
marriage ceremony method it effect
affects me in any way but that's where
the legal system is going to jump in and
be like no you can't yeah that's what
would caught up to that I wonder what
what why not but you know what though
they don't even need to get married you
know I mean that's their love aware they
didn't need to do this interview either
yeah he could have just kept fucking his
mom and nobody got I got they got off
they didn't get in trouble for this they
have their know either a law against it
yeah yeah you can't marry your mom you
know but can you can't fuck intercourse
with you I don't think legally I mean
again you could do it but I think if you
announce it is where somebody goes you
can't fuck your mom you're like maybe
they they should have just fucked and
then not like not told people no were
they real public about it yeah they have
like pride they're their pride this
project I'll G beaten that s my mom yeah
MN MS and my mom or is mom entering SM
there s mmm if they do SNM that's right
stunning mom that's right I thought it
what is the definition of a zit that
real that's a real you ever date your
mom into what you date your son I said
I'll shoot the s I would because 19
years you're the best thing that ever
happened to me and I really want to be
with you rest of my life oh I wonder how
much older she is I've seen that in you
yeah yeah yeah yeah I know those have
cool faith tests go down I'm down I'm
actually down for them straight up
really I'm down for a lot of things yeah
I mean I mean I'm down for people to do
a lot of things as long as it's not
hurting anybody are you dating anybody
currently yeah sure you are who are you
dating this girl named mom known as gay
um this guy's this this uh this woman's
young woman she Polly she died so so
secretive I mean I don't know I mean
what else in kamakura a non conveniens
comedian Oh regular person skater oh
yeah gotta gotta gotta keep it real do
you guys do pop I gotta be real like you
guys yeah yeah that's true we do keep
people up on the top how long have you
been with this Lea about two years do
here know you got a real this is like a
real fucking real relationship you know
yeah yeah
you give her roses and stuff um yeah
yeah I've given her roses before we have
yeah take a special place to eat and
stuff yeah like um you know Barney's
Beanery and yes yeah what about our
Americana yeah what about this place
where you ride the bull you take you
there in San Diego no no some cattle
ranch saddle ranch Oh the Saddleback
ranch they have a bull there
yeah and you know I got it going I take
her there and we got to ride that bull
together I want to meet gonna we're
going to take a bowl made for two you
guys know it's more about her off the
air yeah sure yeah yeah I mean what else
do you want to know new everything's up
man everything do you guys heart and
frame each other no I I don't I have
farted in previous relationships but I
don't not in this one Wow what's special
about her that you I just don't I don't
want to do that yeah I'm good you know
you guys far right heartily yes this is
a show entirely about for you but how
many years in did you guys start far
last month how many months no second my
how long you know why guys it wasn't it
wasn't month two you know I remember why
because I could there's a couple things
that I remember
look at him reminiscing I remember the
timeline here's our um yeah I start
seeing you in late Oh like I go out a
couple of times you know for yeah oh
five because I was late oh four oh five
I know that I was dating you officially
because we shot cut man no.5 I remember
that right and I remember that that fart
happened in college football season yes
it had to be at least September right so
no and I know exactly why you're
thinking all this I'm on board go ahead
sofa 2005 is when you started dating
let's say January is like we're dating
okay and then amber struck part has in
football season which on the fall which
is in the fall I know it's at least nine
months as all fart laugh all right yeah
Mattel autumn Park how Brett how you did
it this is how I broke the fart barrier
are you ready sure I spent the night at
her place
I remember that it's football season
because I was watching on her shitty TV
a college game in on a Saturday morning
I was sitting there in my boxers she sat
next to me and I was like oh man at this
point you know we're definitely dating
it's like
yeah you're in the mix we're in there we
probably did it last night or this
morning and and now I'm just like
chillin watching footballs I go I feel
this fart coming and I just go for it
but I grabbed her hand and I put it
between my legs I fart on her hand fart
whoa that is variable it's like
all-or-nothing kind of dead you know or
like it yeah hard on her hand and she
goes oh my I summer she because it
smells like garbage it smells like
garbage and she ran into the other group
because it smelled bad - oh yeah it did
it smell like garbage yeah I know those
garbage parts I don't do them myself but
I have a friend I want much as a me as a
comedian
mostly it is yeah he has these we talked
about it on stage and to him it was yeah
well you know what was more so in the
past when he had a very it seems like he
had a stricter vegan diet well sure yeah
it had that real compost he kind of
early you know it really it was this
vegetarian these vegetarian farts or
vegan farts they're very they smell like
garbage they smell like real garbage
like garbage people should tweet them
you should tweet them you should tweet
Moshe I heard your farts night I hope
you haven't get upset about me so man
I'm not a big deal I'm sure I said no
it's not a big deal like that you could
be like no you you know I don't think
mine so what did you think when you he
put it your hand
yeah on the fart what did you say see
now in retrospect like if I had high
self-esteem for like standards that were
different I probably like I gotta get
out of this you know I think it's back
then I was like I'm a comedian
I'm I'm a silly carefree person I would
just kind of rolled with it no okay
and I liked him so wait a sec problem is
different being you're right you know
yeah like I'm out yeah am I looking like
what now that I'm older and kind of like
we're looking for flags I think I was my
guard my defenses were down Wow
she's saying if you farted on your hand
now yeah what would you've done would
you be like I'm out it get out of my
butt again it's not name this is like
nine months plus we were friends before
we dated so I knew that he
now he knew that he farted back now like
that now this could have been a point
you could have said something like maybe
if it was if you rewind back if you had
been like hey just so you know I really
don't ever want to do like I'm not good
with that
that could have established some
boundaries it could but that thing is
that I could have established bounds
there could have been like that I could
have met how would you fill the gate to
happen did not react to that yeah what
would you always use positive way but
you laughed I guess I laughed and truth
be told I'm glad we have open fart
policy because I fart a lot and I'd hate
to hold farts in for temperature farted
on each other's face like it's a Joe now
or not as a joke my name is faith he
fought in our side face today a part of
my son's face today Marcel I was
standing I was I was at the counter I
was at the counter and I water it behind
me and I felt his head nudge his height
is like right at my butt cheeks yeah and
I had a fart so I just let it go and
here's a guy to like joke with him yeah
yeah did he laugh oh he's just like no I
was stunned he was like did he smell it
yeah make it smell bad
quert I don't know it wasn't a crazy
part it was just uh you know know what
it now do you remember her first part No
another memory I remember the first one
I think I stole too much thunder with
mine for my memory but then I was
thankful that we had broken that because
I also have to take shits and everything
and I how you hide that in a
relationship with somebody
well there's still a thing I mean I
think it's not just just because he
farted her in a hand I think that
doesn't necessarily I mean you know make
a create a safe space for you too far
yeah because there no because of you
know that means there's these gender you
know issues about like you know guys can
fart on hands but you know girls plant
farm you're a guy and I'm like and I'm a
guy I know I didn't know yeah if you
have a different pronoun or whatever
yeah yeah sure no I I mean it I like
farting I actually enjoy it and it's
fine so it's good yeah and you know and
by the way you guys started dating in
2005 ever and yeah yeah and I met you
guys in 2007 yes right often time there
was in September 2007 so it's been just
about ten years we did
ten year anniversary should capcity good
yeah it's so much fun with you we went
to a museum yeah we never they went to
the capital
it's right happen all yeah took a bat
cruise actually I think that's where it
was it wasn't a museum it was a rabbit
all day capital we saw a painting of
George Bush yeah I remember that yeah
yeah that was fun by the way that's
about it I was French oh yeah and your
pants were open yeah we never do things
like that on the road since like that's
probably the only time Tom and I've ever
got I also remember that I did I did
cavity with you they booked me the next
year to headline it yeah and then he
didn't book me again for like five years
oh really yeah I was like whining and I
was like I was doing that Club regularly
for a little while and then you know
stopped doing it but you still work the
road at all I don't like to do Club
weeks anymore you know and I have how I
don't know why cuz it's always well yeah
I know I prefer to just get everyone
coming in of course I do remember the
one show we had there was one really bad
show that we have um you did fine but it
was a packed crowd there was a game the
next day I guess and people were in town
for the game I think I made college game
I have to give you a lot of credit I
give you a lot of credit because you did
this thing we're like you were
unwavering with your set like you did
well you guys did well yeah you did what
people were leaving
yeah throughout the show and not just
leaving
but leaving in anger like so angry I was
like man this is fucking uncomfortable
yeah I think it was a Friday early show
it might have been it was the fullest
show of the week yeah it was a totally
packed sold-out I think and for the
whole 45 minutes yeah this is what it
was interesting is like so many people
that were like not into the show would
say half of them were like just to fuck
the one guy left I remember because I
was in a in the lobby he goes that guy's
an asshole like he was angry about his
set which and not even like he's
provoking him like you weren't like
saying something to to anger him he just
upset about it you did your the next day
he did the exact like you know the same
said and you killed yeah and it was all
the rest of the week was fine yeah yes I
meant like - like what I remember was
like the bear like who knows what will
happen Saturday early shows you know
full full pretty full house yeah did the
same thing it just that whatever just
remember that one just that one show and
you I do recall you doing fine I think
they're doing well you know I don't and
and yeah actually I'm almost certain you
did very well you brought I think you
probably killed which didn't hurt help
me but well for that note who was to
know that that show was going to be such
a bad show for me but yeah the walkouts
definitely like at least a third the
crowd walked out but it's so funny that
what um you know that people can get
upset at different things because you
weren't like you know fuck your way of
thinking I never I don't want to be if I
never aim to be an offensive comedian
actually it isn't that interesting how
first of all it was a wonderful lesson
because I was there for that show and I
was just like dipping my toe into being
a feature act and to watch you commit
and really be like nope this is the act
and I was the first time I had seen
anybody really do that and I was like
that's fuckin awesome and it just goes
to show how different audiences are suck
like yeah like like I said the next
night it was fantastic
you killed it and then just this
particular audience is not into it and
is nothing to do with you yeah and they
were like you know what's funny is that
they were angry like a lot of it I can't
speak for all of them
a lot of they were angry at his
commitment to what he was do so finding
out they weren't mad at like you know
you said I'm gonna take your guns away
or like it was about enough politics and
they were just mad at like he's still
doing so funny still doing that and yet
I recall I actually somehow sold a
t-shirt that show for some reason song
bought a t-shirt you and then the next
show or maybe the next night had a
really strong today like I didn't know I
was know not anything that fuck with you
at all like when you're sitting in your
hotel room that set did make me think
because I at that point I thought I had
a good headlining set that was kind of
foolproof you know yeah and then that
made me think oh I guess it's not
foolproof you know or something I was I
thought and I'm always strive to try to
actually make a great set
that that I do fillers a responsibility
when headlining a show to do a good job
you know yeah there's one of the worst
reactions I've ever seen to a headlining
set do you know whose was worse mine
because I got booed off stage a few
years later i well I not a headlining
set I've got booed off stage when I was
opening and you have like in the more in
the past before that I actually thought
about your set
when I was bombing wait hold on hold on
what's that sorry I don't mean is take
it away you've got booed as a headlining
set yeah yeah where Winnipeg when a few
years ago really a few years ago yeah
were you getting political or something
no I what did you do you fart on
someone's hand I just like I talked shit
to somebody early on who was talking
okay so it was because of a heckler
incident or something interesting on it
unraveled Wow what I'm saying I tried to
go into the act basically like hey why
don't you shut the fuck up and then go
back to do it ya know and they were just
they just think wow yeah how did that
make you feel actually I was just a few
years ago that was crazy man that was
nuts
I really did think about your set oh
really yes because I remembered like
doing things like act I would I was like
I would act like the room wasn't falling
apart it was falling apart like scream
yeah people were like yeah and I would
be like so the other day and you just
hear this murmuring and talking and
stuff I would try to do because I heard
unbroken yeah it's very hard to put yeah
I was saying like it's crazy things know
I've had some set some sets like that
where it's just I mean it's actually
pretty like seldom you know I mean I've
only like I can count um yeah and then I
can have a one hand but like sets where
you're you have to do full hour and
you're like oh my god trying to you know
you're just hearing people talking or
just it's so weird it's such a surreal
thing I know are you almost think that
that doesn't happen you know but it does
and you know it can what could be like
for me like this is separate let's say
from we're talking about like
catastrophic stuff but like when you're
let's say 99% of the room is good and
you're doing your you're talking about
something and you hear one table like
what if we go over to the average later
and then I'll take a ribbon and ring a
bigot and you start hearing that yeah
and you're like your train of thought
really annoying you want to go like hey
manly and then they're like well I'm
just like saying something you like I
know but I can't hear my own thoughts
because I keep hearing you talk about
going to Jennifer death totally totally
it's yeah it's really a huge distraction
yeah but you guys now just do you just
do like one night somewhere right a lot
of times yeah I mean that's what I try
to do now is just do one night manatees
a we can have all the fans come who want
it oh yeah yeah oh wait go where are you
going anywhere coming up no I don't have
anything major coming up I mean yeah no
nothing magic about yeah but let's say
let's show Brent let's see if he's
interested in eating a bowl of something
okay let's see if you want to come over
later I think this is Charlie honey dude
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my god oh my god
get your passenger son of a bitch damn
it dirty bitch No fuck you guys are
doing good come hurry up is that Charlie
Oh dirty son of a come down later for mu
soup for mu soup most it what do you
think that lady looks like yeah describe
her oh you think it was a lady I thought
was a man that got the word here boy
he's doing I don't know the man I know
you know I swear I thought that was a
man really yeah you know really it's
definitely a woman no I think it's a man
actually listen to the voice yeah you
guys come down here after I got blues
soup and everything yeah
No all right right you guys are doing
good
wait okay I gave up now that you're
mentioning on video that is a woman I'm
seeing it now as a woman I guess I would
think it a man the whole time I was a
man yeah yeah you know some guys
interesting take I mean luck world
better non-binary that's true I mean did
you picture bright on a healthy manner
no no no I didn't he wasn't healthy you
know I thought of him is kind of thick
you know kind of kind of scraggly
gradually thick scraggly thick you know
you know kind of what la yeah kind of
messy you know kind of sloppy sloppy
thick yeah
beef eating all that moose soup yeah
right here that moves kind of smooth
soup that soupy look Lucy Luke loose
look - remote soup after you boys oh
there's more wait hold on back up yeah
it's just somebody you know no okay
this shed that I like her I mean we
assumed big tits lots of has had lots of
sex slowly right yeah but mostly I think
already okay I guess for sure Hardin
which is you know where to remember it
kind of reminds me is that that rhubarb
the rhubarb lady oh yeah yeah yeah
ventilate her who's feeling the rhubarb
yeah she sounds like that remember the
rhubarb maybe I don't remember murder
regardless now I would play that on the
show years ago new part yeah yeah it's
an old clip we only know the viral clip
yeah lady was stealing rhubarb and
sounds very similar to that but although
her voice is higher pitch and I guess
that's why I thought it was my man man I
don't use a high pitched man somebody
real good why don't you teach them
once you roll your home this is now your
fucking property does everybody fucking
businessman subscribe game Alec whatever
today Manas what's your name doesn't
sound like an angry or version of what
yeah yeah yeah a little younger yeah
it's a younger trip I say no that's the
female voice man the other one is the
yeah yeah you know why because this is
Trish
as a young Trish and I'm there's a
structure promotion older trick oh yes
I'm mature that's laughs yeah mature
blossomed in her voice got deeper with
cigarettes too and like she hit puberty
yeah yeah but of like bad lately
that was like I was like that was a
young of the young one yeah but uh I'm
glad you guys fart though you know
that's good yeah we definitely fart
mented all we like to fart I can't
believe you have a govern two years now
yeah that's how infrequently I see you
yeah well I'm just at you you guys have
almost a two year old kid yeah and I
don't think I play the SIU I said oh
really you know at the college are
recently very recently you did yeah you
talk to me yeah we yeah we did talk we
talked yeah yeah you're a parking lot no
in the room no yeah we did God dad yeah
you don't remember I just got off of
five days you grab my hand you fire on
it yeah Bren do you think you'll ever
get married are you the marrying kind
like to be you guys don't have you guys
kind of have what I want right now you
have your help starting a family I don't
know if you're trying to go for another
but you know and you've got a you know
you have a house here and that's a dot a
suburban area got into the dogs we saw
yeah I know I don't do that I'm on you
animals no way nah nah fuck with him nah
that's not for me you know what I love
about you and your act by the way he has
a special what's the name of your
special on appealing to the mainstream
appealing to the mainstream and you have
this great bit about being a teacher in
Oakland and the black students call you
the pants I don't I don't specify that
they're black they sound good you could
say they could be they could be white it
could be Indian
that's true urban nights in the urban I
okay they're just Oakland kids you know
okay pants could be a look granted
definitely there were a lot of black
kids that I substitute Tylenol really
really raised me there were Indians to
Indians huh that's a crazy job it's got
to be yeah no they were they were yeah
they were tough kid they were let me it
was tough it made me a tough person kind
of made me a better comedian actually
right yeah sure I believe alright yeah
actually a lot of the stuff in that
special a lot of its older material and
a lot of that stuff I was doing it at
that that week them yeah you know I love
you Austin you know yeah I love it I'm
like them yummy
[Laughter]
he's from California cute oh oh yeah
yeah yeah that's unlike them yummy yeah
yummy all three you know time but you
know I mean you do know like I know like
your black voice is on fleek I would say
yeah I mean I guess thank you I mean I
don't I don't necessarily think they
sound black specifically yeah I yeah
yeah I'd say you do a really good black
dude uh-huh
wait you're trying to suggest that
anyone would believe that Dennis depants
kids are not black well they might not
be you know huh they could they could me
anything and that's the pants they could
just be this is urbanites you know
Indians okay well I could be black shell
to see him talking not black it's really
opening my eye I love for people to like
here's the thing about the special is
there is no this is kind of like not
even on a I think you can get something
out of it that you get more if you pay
close attention I think there's more to
get out of it than just the laughs okay
it's all better
I don't know we're getting deeper on it
I just I don't want to say much more but
just that's the thing is if you embraced
it it brace it fully and I think there's
more to it than I think that Judge
I know I think you're very layered and
individual and I think that's accurate I
think I want people do I just feel like
people haven't been I haven't really
heard much talk of what you can get out
of it there's more to get out of it okay
I don't want it and we can see it where
he'd be more more teasing I think on
seeso yeah and will somebody hopefully
appealing to the mainstream okay see so
yeah that's what you know I mean that's
how I do it man this is a healthy way
this way boy how they've been using the
backwards the White House or the
negotiated beggars you know all that
type of shit when I met during the wrong
life man for me your boy trying to get
out of the bald man that's all we smoked
18 I'm a phenomenal remember Robbie for
me now I would dabble in the you know I
mean and the swishes and shit like that
you know every once in a while you for
me to spice it up a little bit cuz you
already know and I mean just which are
girls and we got spice it up a little
bit you know I mean yeah you got a
little out your comfort zone seen an
impression girl and press the
motherfucking galaxy to me so I got a
smoke blunt so I feel like he hit you
feeling
definitely not yeah ma'am you know I'm
saying it on this but you know what I
mean hit the trifecta you think is West
Coast um yeah yeah let's go sky yeah
what's the what's the I guess I could I
could hear our lives on yeah me I can
hear the East Coast accent mm-hmm you
know when I hear urban voices I can hear
the East Coast
uh-huh but I guess Megan here I'm from
the west coast yeah maybe that's it I
it's a core once eight when the way that
like car is said oh yeah yeah oh very
like dinked oh so when they say like up
were here you know her you know when
they say here her like you think unless
her sour would be like that's like a Oh
Sutter who would other knows other
English yeah yeah yeah I really I want
to get I want to see you guys react I'll
show to you guys after the recording
okay um the new hot line videos
oh really kill viendo you have them I
have access or yeah okay yet one of
them's like a one of them is you can
call different dads and like if you look
like if you need discipline or you need
advice you know it's like a dad hotline
you know
and another one is this one is a hunk
hotline like it's the ladies only if you
want to call them but that's all saved
but there's more to it than that but I
feel like you need I feel like you know
those that California lingo you're
saying that you like you're like I don't
know if the registers know what I'm
saying is that I can't distinguish that
if they're west coast because I'm I
guess because that's normal to like that
sound normal where it jumps out to me
more if it's East Coast or southern I
guess you know I noticed when I was in
Miami this funny it was like they have
such a distinct accent locals Oh locals
you speaking English no regardless of
what does it sound like they they
basically sound like they learned
English after they learned another
language ah you know a huge obviously
Spanish you know yeah yeah yeah but
these are non bilingual people speaking
English that's funny so so and you're
like your actions crazy and they're like
what accent like what
oh my go you have an accent I go I have
a pretty nondescript accent when I speak
and they were like oh no your accents
have been like wow that's the same idea
no yeah well really much well there's
also people who there's like you know
Hispanic people in Los Angeles who don't
speak Spanish but they do have some kind
of accent that right sounds like a
Hispanic accent right right right I
don't even speak Spanish dawg yeah Brian
is something you know because they it's
just uh or the yeah I remember in San
Francisco the people who have Chinese
accents but they're from I don't know
maybe they do speak Chinese but they
were there from San Francisco born and
raised and there's an accents there was
a dude in Hong Kong who lives there now
who was raised he was born and raised in
New York City but in like a hardcore you
know insulated Chinatown neighborhood so
he speaks English with a heavy heavy
accent yeah and his Cantonese is just
okay
uh-huh yeah right like his primary
language is English but it's it's I mean
when you hear him speak you he that you
would be like oh you know you did like
all this guy learned English you know
ten years ago remember we were
restaurant and we saw that white guy at
that Chinese wedding yes like fully
spittin like real dog Chinese and even
had like the posturing he was talking to
like five older Chinese guys like you
know that has a total posturing right
this kid was like thirty and he like
mannerisms accent in heaven it was rough
I was like totally down when Dad I went
to China a couple years ago and met up
with this guy who was like that as a
white guy from Seattle and weirdest when
he started talking Chinese it was like
it didn't seem like it was coming out of
his mouth
no but like I seemed like it was like
he's playing a tape or something it's
just crazy he had to all the mannerisms
down just like that and that was the way
to do my sister and I we went together I
was doing shows actually in a part of
the trip but they we went we everywhere
we a was so bad we got the wrong we
didn't know we even know what to order
we just pointed at stuff and just said
something of the menu and got just like
an ear soup or something like that like
a super just with ears in it mousse
assume assume it was mu soup and I just
want to come down for Chinese mu soup
later yeah and but then when we went to
this restaurant with this guy it was the
best Chinese meal I've ever had he knew
how to do it but I had this idea for a I
don't know a series or something about a
guy who's he's white and he's as a baby
he's adopted by Chinese people and they
bring him to China and they raised him
in China fully and so he doesn't even
speak he speaks really poor English yeah
and he speaks fluent Chinese he's white
and he has an accent and stuff and then
he goes back to the United States to
kind of find his roots and stuff and but
he had this Chinese accent and everyone
thinks that he's MEC easy yeah he's
making fun of Chinese people or
something but that's actually how we
talk sure now I'll have you ever heard a
foreign accent syndrome know where
people wake up one day and they just
have like a crazy Chinese accent like I
have a not i shiny hard to my voice in
the conversation
wait what I'm nearly free you know that
lady's white English wait wait wait she
just wakes up and has an accent well
they usually it's prompted
some type of head trauma yeah okay so
these people have have some type of
accident something that affects the
brain usually that then gives them a
foreign accent but not you know your
language abilities but you're speaking
your native language but with a foreign
X is it like she she's adopting
something or like she'd adopting the on
involuntarily adopting a Chinese accent
or something she or is it that it just
she's sounding kind of weird that it
sounds like a Chinese accent well the
introduction but they have I mean
there's there's a number of cases of it
throughout the world and the in those
stuff that we've looked up where there
there's just not enough information to
know exactly what's going on like they
know there's there's been one where they
were like all this lady's just fucking
with people like it was a hoax but
there's ladies like this lady has you
know they she's been doing it for like
at this point like five six years and it
was she hasn't played again yeah and her
grammars incorrect which yes I'm not i
shiny hard to my voice in the
conversation for nearly a year now
that's interesting
Wow as I was thinking I was wondering if
it was just that the head trauma or
whatever was affected her speech and it
happens to sound like a foreigner right
yeah or if it's like some kind of weird
thing where the brain is taking from an
accent that she's heard I think is yeah
doing that I mean it sounds yeah because
right it does distinctly like an Asian
yeah yeah accent yeah oh my god actually
but then again you know sometimes people
when they're deaf yeah when they're deaf
yeah they sound French kinda you know
what I mean yeah you know saying how do
blind people wipe have you ever thought
about why eyes on yummy like do you how
do you think a blind person know I mean
it's time to stop though that's that we
had we had a very deep conversation last
time I was here not at this specific
location but on the show about wiping
techniques and stuff and you know for me
is right you showed I think I used to
have a joke about that I don't just wipe
until you can't see that the pool on the
tissue but I
I wipe until you can't smell the
anything on the two-inch receivin
because sometimes you can't see it but
if you might be able to smell some
people you always know your paper well I
don't really do such a thing as much
anymore but if I can as much meaning
well - I did it I used to Stefan Utley
smell the paper I wouldn't get that
close though but I would if I could
smell it from here
now that you know then that would be but
I don't actually come to think of it I
probably don't smell the tissue really
anymore but I did used to do that have
you ever taken a messy brown and then
like you know when you keep wiping and
wiping and wiping and then the road
that's right isn't it yeah the infinite
way infinite whoo yeah now have you ever
gone to shower to get rid of the
infinite poo no I just I kind of just
keep going even though it takes a really
long time I keep going until it's
finally and even though that sometimes
ends that well you know why that's
because blood is starting to mix in with
it because you've wiped enough that it's
starting to bleed yes oh I think so I
feel like we talked about this last
night yeah you if you keep wiping it's
going to eventually you start it starts
showing up because of the blood well I
mean I know I did refer maybe I'm easily
seen on me that you know you already
know and I mean so we get nominees see
non-muslims is a great music yeah yeah
yeah those are all the categories
represented in that one clip really like
me track you know you know tell me um
that's good but yeah how do blind people
finish them they said is that there but
the email that we got was that when like
you already know about when when us one
of your senses goes others heightened
yeah that that they pick up that your
sense of touch is so heightened at that
point that what you feel also dictates
yeah no I believe that you saw times
that the wipe there's no resistance and
that means that it's a smooth clean
why'd you there's no words I don't hi
you know what it really makes me start
to think that maybe well I don't want to
say anything but I don't know makes me
start to not trust
blind people hypocrite that's Christina
enough here we go
I've been listening they're all that I
think from episode 370 stood out saying
personality champ tom was playing a song
at christina talking about being down to
prove she's the water champ yet in
recent weeks she declined to prove it as
if it was beneath her this true this
proves to me not only Tom a true
champion as he's willing to defend his
title like a professional
but christina is a choppy changhie
hypocrite incapable of being champion at
anything actually I take that back
as she is clearly the hypocrite champ
Tom reigns as the water posture and
personality champ meanwhile Christina is
simply a second-grade moose soup-eating
liar Rob from Troy and news no love and
fern from what is choppy Changmin anyway
how racist is that and let the record
show Jana
I am currently drinking glass of water
Tom where's your water in this episode
here you go it's not because you're
drinking soda
vivia with fake sugar in it and we had
the water expert in here and he couldn't
even drink that he spit it out he didn't
walk in water sommelier yeah oh the wood
the guy who was the race star Trey in
stark bar what there was a guy at the I
don't was like rayon stark bar so is
that like the Lamar stands a County
Museum of Art was a restaurant there
yeah mark I think its name is Martin
Mary doesn't work anymore maybe isn't
working where he's a water sommelier
yeah yeah he was that patina no yeah I
kind of I I talked to myself I did my
main talk today today do you bring in
the different waters again we tried like
six different ones yeah yeah a few I
tried I tried three when I was with it's
fascinating guy yeah it's really
interesting yeah he just goes to do any
I mean something excuse me okay so go to
different cities any way should we break
right now
no no um he would go to different cities
and he always like tries to tap just to
see what it tastes like yeah yeah yeah
we learned all thing so much yeah Epis
you tried that really heavy on the
mineral yeah wine was like kind of salty
more than kind of radiculitis the full
thing whole thing everything cool
okay by the way I don't want that I
don't want any blind listeners to be
offended about what I was saying I was
just thinking you bring up an
interesting point about that and
I'm sure there's a way and I'm sure they
probably just use a lot water and kind
of just hope for the best
yeah you know whatever well because I'm
the infinite wipes I mean you walk
around with leaky but all day long
so your just wiping your butt all day
when you have an infinite wipes liking
it Luke
I got a tell me the name again of this
special appealing to the main I really
didn't mention here's a cut from
appealing to mainstream Brent Weinbach
see so special because Stalin mounted
baby to wake me up so we could damn door
okay weapon 81 my language holiday I
don't have a lighter no light in my
pocket I don't have to watch no length
ha ha
so she actually she's making a great
point she was woken up by somebody who's
letting their kid play video at volume
with no headphone negative which is one
of my personally I think that's
incredibly rude yeah I'm forgetting like
I'm not getting to sleep because you're
letting your kid go and fucking play
shit but dumb like I really agree yeah
so huh ciao y'all got this boner town'
woke me up with the scooby doo shit yeah
I guess I guess my approach would have
been a little different though you know
how so well I probably would have just
said excuse me can you turn that can you
not have the volume on on this yeah
because weight you can you please
because not have climb on because then I
like oh yeah the flight attendant
eventually get involved in women walking
back hamburger work so my work with this
walk in baby would have been a brag baby
they would have told that paper cut that
damn not without her like because you
can get in anybody else because inner
Vatican do a lot of color he's saying
cuz - yeah he said she said anybody it
was like a family reunion on the plane
is okay
on the fucker and cut your fucking nose
out and even then the baby wake up in
bed with this scooby-doo shit there's my
second thought she's right that is
disrespectful as hell one time Tom and I
were at a really fancy we were a really
fancy restaurant for dinner
yeah I remember and there's a family and
the baby had the iPad which is fine but
it was full volume just briefly but I'm
like all adults why is the baby up it's
late anyways the baby should be in bed
and playing they don't use a fucking
iPad and so just give me some Livius
people not that it's wrong give your
baby an iPad I'll care about that but
then give the kid I oh I don't why does
everyone have to eat the earphones what
out here but sorry I would just this is
what I would do I would say like I said
you know I'd say can you turn it down
can you turn off the volume please yeah
and then if they didn't do it then I
would call the flight attendant say I'm
right she's not turning it off like
you'd you'd follow a rule to hear this
baby what we on on what we do she made
one no plan anybody baby crash that day
they had that baby had to go through Don
let me tell you what happened it baby
had to cook food on the bus won't care
about you who don't see all the steps to
all the computer now walk it through him
I was now what reason is that I was like
that baby's training with the little
computer computer haha I like that the
lady's like I'm like she's so first of
all she's such in Zombieland who knows
this is the third leg of her trip but
like ignores all noise anyway she's I
didn't hear and you hear she's like yeah
I didn't hear anything yeah okay
everybody up
both me over text will be DG now walk it
through me and I don't hear that stuff
didn't I hear that I'm sorry Wow ah you
heard that shit bitch she's right take
it again I said you heard that goes yeah
cuz cuz you see her that she's got that
cut and it's no like it noise
no it's knowing
my god I gotta be sorry these patterns
to Penner is false I'm just telling you
I know that shit was wrong mm-hmm it was
sub tan real okay she's kind of common
down those yes like she went it will you
know why because she's actually it's
getting less emotional and more logical
yeah and because she reacted on emotion
yeah then it switched over to logic and
her logic is correct your logic is
correct she calmed down and still making
the she know she's right yeah cuz cuz
had everybody can get it would you
rather be on the receiving end of her
lecturing you like that or be retarded
oh um sure thing do you think you'd know
you're retarded right right right I
guess I'd rather be on the receiving end
because I think I'd actually enjoy it
actually team degree have getting like
you know yeah that being called cuz
you'd have a new five minutes for sure
what is that I'll be my new special yeah
uh what would you what would it be
called Appeals acted appealing to the
South because says South good how about
every link of the cuz everyone can get
it that would be the name of the special
because that's what she says everyone
can get it oh she does yeah oh yeah it
kind of like falls in line with a
feeling of omission everyone get it
everyone ever get it cut yeah yeah what
about what it was just called cuz I
gotta be retarded yeah because do you
rather be retarded or when you do your
act it's like the happiest who's like
dead that we can make fun of oh it's all
like a 1952 lives you guys ever talk
crap fuck me no good much stay away it's
like the worst act ever it's basically
everything that you hate but you have to
do that you have to do so like we
usually try to think of like a hack like
someone who's daddy's hack
they're just seminary like yeah like
Pryor Carlin yeah
those over here but it's just a cheesy
you know it's puppets
it's explosions it's magic it's
everything that all sounds good to me
that oh you don't do that okay but
puppet I'm sure if puppets can I don't
do puppets but I mean if I could do
puppets and they were cool I would do
yeah that's not cool I believe I would
do now I'm saying in the would you
rather it's got actually like I do what
they closer to our explosions in my
special actually let's going to the
mainstream there is definitely an
explosion it's we're not doing this
would you rather with breath thanks
Karen it's good though we're trying to
give you an option you retarded early or
have a hacky act or do the worst
possible like whatever you hate whoever
you hate in comedy you're doing that act
well I probably do that right first is
being retired well I wouldn't what I
will hold on I guess the question is is
what I realize it was bad but yes you
actively have to own my word like I'm me
and I have to do this act and you know
that it's a majority are retarded by the
way your fucking thanks making this down
it goes against kind of all our
sensibilities and you're going up every
night and you're doing these shit cans
cuz we have to do the act and you can't
do anything that you believe is funny
you have to do like this act is what I'm
saying and I don't realize I'm retarded
right boy that's that's the big a
question that we have on the show is
that do retarded people know their
return it well no I I think about that
too sometimes and well my brother had
this thought this idea that of he had
this idea of like a maybe a movie even
about a retarded person who knew they
were retarded and you know just didn't
like it you know they wish they were
smarter you know they wish they weren't
retarded and they and that that was like
a thing they had to come to terms with
you know um he had this image of a guy
just looking up at the sky going why you
know he's retarded and stuff was it a
comedy or was it more drama like it's a
drama you know serious yeah like a
serious movie about someone who is
mentally challenging and is aware of it
though well that's not okay so let's say
in your world you're aware of it yeah
that's hard right hard or you're all
your creativity is stifled basically
because you have to do an act that you
don't believe me ask you this do I make
money as this hacky comedian yeah
yeah you know I probably would do this
well so I can't answer this I would say
this I'd probably pick the hacky thing
because at least I can provide a life
for my family kids or something you know
but you could be the retarded comic
that's thing doing his own thing doing
what he wants to be exciting to be a
retarded artist retarded right you could
be a you know right at least have
integrity
yes yep you can be retired and have
integrity we're going to hack and and so
you can actually provide for your family
too is the retarded Act yes but I guess
I I guess I value connecting to people
on a non retarded level you know to me
and I don't mean that in any kind of
offensive way right but right you know
like being able to connect to people in
a sort of intellectual way the way that
you do now yeah I want to value that I
guess I value that you know but it'd be
very alone guys you guys what do you do
for being a hack or being retarded or
and also affected but I have a son I
have a son so I couldn't take care of my
son if I were retarded so I'd have to
always choose the other thing yeah I
mean I guess take care I don't want to
have someone take care of me I've been
again actually getting taken care of
could be fun that's what I already said
yeah I was like oh I want to be retarded
hands down it would be so liberating
have no responsibilities would be then
again he doesn't have a family and you
know different difference well if I
wasn't I guess if I was retarded I
wouldn't care about having a family
maybe as much I don't know that or you
do care I am aware of it right I'm aware
of being retarded right it's hard it's
really hard just so much more than I
wanted it ended this question what was
the other question before the word right
I don't remember something about who or
something what danger know what who are
over tarted so that's nice ed you dad
wait does he go retard he's young he's
retarded over eating Chinese food really
yeah yeah a patient rather be retard
than eat Asian food - really good oh
yeah I know that your dad wipes from
back to front
does he any weights down he wipes down
that's right that's right
from last night's good um mmm yeah had
your dad ever been on the show live no
hmm he's called Ana bunch you guys in
Florida right yeah called a bunch of
times we've called him he sat here and
did an interview well you know with my
talked to them and recorded it and
played the audio later
let's extent of it um you what about you
you retarded I'm I would go retarded
yeah yeah both oh yeah now you know I
want to take care of my side yeah you
can't be retarded in what every good
what you could though if I could care I
wouldn't my my mental capacity is all I
have well wait what appear what if
you're in I mean yeah what if your son
was retarded to therefore as a retard
person you take care of them that's
interesting but I don't know it course
not I don't think you could on a side I
know I can't be retarded caregiver as
the auditory centers a bad dream shown
above and red is concerned with hearing
we're having too much fun those shown
here on the outer surface of the brain
when Italy idolized within the temporal
lobe is found with I'm sorry to bring up
their report hex on both sides of the
franchise it's just and that's when the
auditory pathways begin in the nerve
fibers of the organ of Corti in the
inner ear now you know it changed it's
like cleanses the palate yeah yeah okay
I can make a boring sorbet yeah kind of
cool actually yeah boy yeah until we do
there's a big words
Cristina remix here I don't want to hear
it no it's a big what it's a what yeah I
want to know Brad do you uh do me a skip
it
well you've teased it to the audience
now we have to play I cheated a what's
in my I thought you saw it I mean it's
unless all right we would it I'm sorry
the email it's all it people like oh I
thought I saw it so you saw it that
people make songs from the show a lot oh
yes I'm not going to say the N word
anymore
because I don't want the song all to
come
oh you said that way were you saying the
N word of honor no I'll give it to you
hey guys nigga nigga why would you say
that it's a guy not a girl yeah yeah
potato Fattah no you know I mean I like
that out figlio niggas zarnovameter the
MU soup is like running yeah although
could retarded people be racist this is
an obviously retarded people yes they
can be racist dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt
dirt dirt dirt dirty bitch
okay thanks I was reading an email from
husband van made that Thank You cows and
a school and in the email it said the
n-word and so yeah that's whenever I say
the n-word on the show it gets remakes
when she was reading something yeah it
said it yeah and I don't just say it oh
yeah no there's a context right I don't
I don't I prove oh yeah you made 800
party-line Jesus well that's you know
there's a context for any I mean there's
a safe context for anything I agree
right that's why I mean there's always
like people sometimes say that you can't
say certain things or certain things are
completely off-limits yeah and like
there's that there's there's always some
kind of exception exception or some sort
of context where you can you can say
anymore you know yeah exactly if you're
quoting something or reading something
sorry yeah of course what else you got
there Tommy I got uh well I have a
another song that will will close with
okay we did the others a sperm extractor
machine that's new I don't know Brent
will use this unusual machine aims to
take the embarrassment out of sperm
donation called the sperm extractor it
was advice white pink we Jiang yeah one
of China's janggu sanwei medical so I
like how you are more embarrassing than
just jerking it isn't it I mean you the
thing is that it's like it's an ATM
basically designed with a hole in it the
usual
what kind like we talked we talked about
like if there was like a suck machine
and guys would just walk up to it I've
never talked about that with you yeah we
did no that's not no we've talked about
comm gum and having gum oh yeah Fuhrman
because of people but then you're like
oh I had this other thing remember you
brought up the pump station okay that's
what this is that I do just said I've
never thought of it it's not the sucking
I didn't say there's a dick sucking
state well it's a pump the pump station
where you could go and get different
guys to jizz in your mouth okay well I'm
thinking a little differently spike I'm
thinking like hot sitcom guys walk
around with poison in them all the time
right and it would be great if you're
just walking around like a full rage and
they're like to just like walk up to
that machine and you go I mean you're
great you're done you're like it's quick
yeah yeah and then a servant in a
society yeah like it clean it's clean
right you're just like it yeah how does
it clean itself
I don't know I also I want to know you
know what she not like guys we need none
she keeps sucking how Stein you're like
oh like what assistant each going and
you're like stop is there a stop button
like is there an emergency stop like on
a treadmill where you pull off you're
like oh shit I saw off this thing like
how does that's a real issue because you
really want to keep you can just pull
your wiener out don't know because looks
like looks like it gets pretty tight on
you you know you see the 19-teens of
this channel so the hospital's mostly
use it cool that that guy kind of like
is the guy behind it you know it seems
so you know I froze oh I know just like
it's nice guy and it'll ski
he orders to make clinical demands clean
let's just walk up to that house start
pressing buttons sperm it supposed to be
outside though Oh looks like it's enough
look like a blank it's like he's in the
hall like a hallway of a mall yeah I
will put your dick in this real quick
read how much do you want one of these
right now massage part that resembles a
vagina it's height is adjustable while
it's speed force and temperature can be
very go time there you go
okay there goes your like you slow down
how many of these you think this guy's
going to sell commercially I don't love
this would self so well in these I would
love that
in the entryway I know hi come on in
yeah how you feeling you'll get your
deck off Rover table will you didn't
first of all it simulates a female organ
this is so juvenile but doesn't part of
your brain still when you hear Asian
languages spoken you're like how does
that work now like he's just like
totally huh huh he's like like it sounds
too like different they definitely know
so crazy definitely different different
now when I hear when I hear agent guy
speak in my head I still mock it and I
go sheesh oh yeah
no don't you know that's gonna get
remixed yeah that's a new specimen and a
new hit thing already on you don't do it
in your head we like you when you're a
kid when you made fun of Asian people I
know because I think I'm always waiting
for like if I hear somebody speaking
that usually someone's going to
translate or something so I'm waiting
for what you know right because I'm all
juvenile when I heard it like
immediately I was mocking it I mean I
don't I don't think I'm not thinking of
mocking noises I just is just like
hearing the noises because it sounds so
different I know it's crazy that
language sounds you know a lady lighting
sounds all language has that thing right
where you hear like Arabic and they say
the hymen hip-hop and you're like that's
also that guy's saying what time is the
train get here you know and it's all but
then I'll mock that in my head - I'll go
to sort of a hard one
yeah whatever I actually might you know
I I guess the mocking is awesome
perspective but I always kind of fuck
with when I hear French when I hear
someone like that Martha Martha boom
boom boom yeah yeah yeah that shit my
head to poppy yeah yeah I guess I'm
mocked but like yeah when you kind of
you hear you ate it in your head yeah
yeah it's it's interesting that there's
interesting rhythms and yeah tones you
know to think about I guess with since I
don't speak any Mandarin or Cantonese I
just keep hearing
usually like three different sounds yeah
she's a she's a she's a grandmother
defend one I'm like that's the whole
thing ya know cuz ha yeah okay now
you're mocking I was repeated you know
it's not really nice I'm what he said
mom you cannot he said I don't think
it's fun of it go defensive I'm a little
offended
no I think it's like I really like he's
making fun of he's uh he's that kind of
you know just you know trying to express
the feeling a real thing
yes dude yet I still remember it again
she says no no no one time I was showing
apartment in Boston after college and I
was showing them to some Chinese
students and like two of them were
walking at my pace and then a few were
further behind so when we got to the
door we look back and they're like a
block behind and so I asked Michael how
do you say hurry up
but like aggressively and they gave me
just a quick thing to say I don't know
what it was it was like shut up
so I turned and I screamed it at the top
of my lungs and these three guys like
well and they just ran as fast as they
can catch it was ah like learning a
little expression in another language
today to scream with somebody that's a
three so this dick milking machine yeah
this is just for science is that right
this is there's supposed to be an easier
more convenient way tellin ya you gonna
get Cydonia
okay yeah like movements of sexual
intercourse by moving back and forth
it's able to buy huge events now on a
listen to his voice rich in pressure you
could hear more in what was it in this
one see they're 1910s again so the
hospital can use my keys I 7-under honor
as I seen has also proved useful for
your logic it's funny that it goes in
and out like that that's just you so
like able to produce sperm without a
great deal of help I mean because it's
like even though it's going in and out
like that I mean I think in a show a guy
putting alone oh so this looks like
we're the mouse right now these guys
about to stick his dick in her mouth
yeah yeah oh wow I hope he does it
dr. Lee seeming so just an efficient way
to maximize PMS we let it goes in an
aliphatic it almost seems like
ineffective in our way why well it just
seems like someone should it should
happen internally kind of you know like
the things like I still AM mmm yes
exactly exactly yeah you know like
because that seems like someone would
just move with it it more embarrassing
this way definitely is far more
efficient than masturbation but there
are still some
for instance it cannot exactly simulate
the temperature and feel of a female
organ no share so the device may not fit
as well when compared to human beings
after all it is made out of plastic
metal yeah and also when you know she
keeps sagging okay and you keep shaking
us get turning a knob that you got to
turn their knob down thanks for coming
Brett is really nice the devices
annually at $13,000 each are there you
have been bought by clinics in the US
Germany Russia and France bucking
machines out there content la Dhingra
Jang that's like yes I sees removing the
stigma from sperm donation what do you
think that's that's what heaven looks
like this compass just caught her room
and there's a bunch of them yeah BAM
what what 13 grand to get your dick
sucking machine guys it's not that bad
not bad the real girl the real dolls are
around 10 grand
the real Diane ones huh yeah from what
I've seen on that some documents are not
the ten dollar ones from Big Love yeah
they're real tall with their mouths and
how much are they like 10 grand and
they're heavy they're really heavy
lifelike you have a bust and one of
those I know I've never even seen one
really I I want to see one of them in
person I saw a documentary about him
yeah I know there's a lot of have you
seen videos of people who show that kind
of like do video blogs about their life
living with real dolls and they treat
them very much like real people and have
like relationships which probably
probably saw them again yeah
there's a lot of that online - Jared
healthy and you human stuff it's really
fascinating for me a lot is very
interesting really you know just that
people have these really these like
relationships and they they really care
for these yeah at all people are
interesting you're lonely and I ran you
know what I respect it and I approve it
because Kyle you indeed let's give
people one last plug everything plug
everything so yeah the see so special
please check it out yep appealing to the
mainstream it's on see so you can watch
see so on Amazon Prime is an add-on
service
there's a this gonna sound like
commercial but there's a 7-day free
trial yeah and even if you don't use the
trial two like four dollars a month but
anyway so there's a lot of other cool
stuff on on seeso but anyway that's the
special you know then you can check out
that short film I made a few years ago
called I don't dance
an event on Vimeo and go to Vimeo calm
slash Brent Weinbach there's other
videos and stuff on youtube.com slash
burn my boss do this there it is all
right I gotta help yeah yeah there's all
the info check him out absolutely
hysterical dude and thanks for coming by
today thanks for having me it was really
nice to see you guys
you too brother all right here we go
closing song we'll see you next week
thanks guys
[Music]
haiji Raymond yeah Gwen and you did that
wrong you're fucked up I was single for
a while but then I learned this little
soup recipe and the guys you started
coming around
get your passenger come o'clock get your
passenger he raises lots of passenger Oh
[Music]
you
Oh Lord that was frickin crazy